
Introductory Scene

LA river embankment, homeless tent
Overcast/Rainy day, glimmers of sun rays, 6:30 am
Homeless person sitting inside tent, looking out at landscape
within a cloud formation, similarities to eyes shine and dim down in a brief moment
withn that formation, the almost definition of the shape of creature but could be just perception.

Homeless person stares at what could be the definition of a creature in the cloud, pensive, resort to being down/depressed as he remembers this could be part of snap moment of illucidity in being homeless, malnourished, and under a bare shelter.

He lies back down, on this makeshit bed (a piece of old tarp used by construction workers to cover the construction site when rainy), reflecting within a slightly depressed aura at the site of this snap moment of illusionary perceptions.

Minutes to an hour go by, the sky takes a darker tone, and the homeless using matches lights up a lantern dangling from a set of wooden sticks, a makeshift T shaped lantern holder.

Laying down, as to reassure himself it was just a fluke, he looks again to the same part of the sky, scanning and waiting for the shine and dim and that definition of this creature. Unexpectedly, it reappears. He now reveals in his more intense emotions, he is worried increasingly more about his condition as he believes the shine and dim is not real.

A few min later, a black medium size tarantula suddenly appears, gliding down its own silk string to the ground. He follows her with his eyes. The tarantula find a secluded spot where the uncovered ground reveals a patch of sand inside the tent. The tarantula begins drawing dots by lifting and droping different legs each time.

He tears the a piece of the cover leaflet of the Human Condition book (which sitting atop a tower of five books he collected from donated books at the local libary). He  reachees to his pladed shirt pocked (hanging on a makeshift t-shaped hang) and grabs a pen from the front pocket.

He redraws the same the dots  the spiders draws in the sand onto the leaflet. each circle of dots is lined with seperators after a series of dots. He counts the dots between each seperator and inscribes the associated numbers on the leaflet.

 07-28-1914 WWI
10-03-1935 WWII









On this very regular day, under the overhang of this building, I light this cigarette, taking cover from the summer heat.

As I am on my last puff, this street person appears, hood on, emanating a strange aura around. As he/she speaks to me thru this hood, I can only make out the eyes, fiercely green, piercing thru his vocals.
" Type in this number series on your phone...."

A bit startled, I do punch in the numbers as I try to be receptive to his illusions or delusions
"It's a code?" I say

He raises his head "It's an order, each number pair is alive, it creates and calls something into our verse"

I pretend to continue being receptive...

He continues too " each number pair defines an event, something you will experience, the first number is the month, the second is the day in the month"

I now do come alive, it's becoming arithmitically interesting
" But they are 13 pairs?"

He pauses " 13th for the leap year"
He then slowly walks away, still with the hood on, I can only remember the eyes and their intensity.

==============================

I am late on my internet bill, so the connection gets cut off.
I then realize I can use my phone hotspot for my computer.

Easy does it, I navigate to General Settings, set the hotspot on, then connect thru my laptop.

In an instant eveything gets minimized. Half a second later, the desktop them goes black, and I hear voices from the speaker. Many voices, it seems to mulitple meetings happening at the same time.

Then it stops.

A matrix of rectangles draws on my screen. There are 6 of them. Images of people appear, sitting at conference table. Then I realize, as I am frowning, those are command centers of each major country...they're making decisions, big ones, I see the command center of the pentagon, the kremlin, the united nations, britain, france, belgium. I look to the right side of the screen, looking for "continue" icons, the screen scrolls by itself. There are 7 more rectangles, again with command centers, and decisions being made.
Every time I look at one quadrant, the computer clocks flashes a date, month, day, time. The month and day matches the street persons.
Those are dates of war decisions, I realize.

Seems to be something missing, the story can just climax to this matrix of rectangles. I look away, thinking, recalling "numbers create and calls to something in our verse"...as he told me.

I turn back, and the screen dims very quickly to black. Two separate elispses gradually fade in. Then big circles within those ellipses also fade in.
I think " geometry, is that what he meant, golden ratio maybe, are these number a fibonnaci sequence??"

I look away from the screen, as I try to thinking away from the the screen glare.
I give up, turn back to the screen...soon enough, a pyramid like triangle draws itself, then i believe shapes that define human lips below the triangle.

I turn away again, and turn back, and all these self drawing shapes redraw themselves, as if they erased themselves as i looked away.

I run hand over my face, thinking " this is amazing, what is it"

The circles inside the ellipses turn blue in an instant of a second.


==============================

The four walls are gone, the computer is nowhere to be found, it's very dark. I feel two thin fingers on my writs. I follow the fingers to an elbow, to a shoulder, to the elliptical eyes. 

I am floating but moving, exactly where, not sure. I turn back to the fingers, follow along again, and a non descript body starts drawing itself. It has very  think grey skin, velvety, in the center of the upper body, an actual spider frozen in time it seems.

The legs look human but move in all directions, and clamp together to form something similar to the tail of a mermaid. I realize then, she's dragging me thru space, it's the mermaid of time and space.

=====

In the next minute I am conscious, i see her laying down in an incubator. More spiders appear.  i look more closely, each spider has electronic chips on each of its legs. And each spider is doing something on her body, including the one in the middle that seem to be frozen in time.

I am thinking "are these spiders like ant workers, what are they doing"

In another instant, as I am thinking, she looks at me, and I realize "the spiders are rebuilding her suit"

She looks at me again
" The chips on the spiders regulate time to infinity, so these spiders never die, and if they don't die, so does the suit?"

She her look onto me
"I have to take off my clothes, why?...because my clothes are a time capsule of my finite time where I came from, earth"

She stands up, floats towards, still with all the spiders working, and hugs me in my most vulnerable nakedness. The circle in the ellipses turn blue, and back to consciousness, the spiders are now on me finishing my grey velvety suit.

I am departing from my native dimension. Fear settles in, she feels it. I look at her, and she looks to the empty space. Planet earth draws itself, rotating quite fast, in the distance. 
I look up, and I see childhood friends and events, in africa, in la, everywhere i have been. 
I look further up, and I see planes dropping bombs, armies and soldiers dying, firing, yelling, and I see people and babies running.

She looks at me as if waiting for my reaction. I am overwhelmed with emotion, and in that motion, the first sound from her. A utopic hiss that reverberate thru this now lit up universe, and a one color gradient rainbow fades in.

On her forehead, i notice a circular hollow device implanted in the skin, at that point it flashes hieroglyphics which then fade out for roman numerals. The same numerals the street person told me type in.

The war images are still displaying, the bombs, the explosions, the babies screaming.

She looks at me again and utters in this electronic voice 5 words
"Stay with me and infinity"

T 